fix: correct refund ACL permission check in the Administration (#556)
shopwareLabs/SwagPayPal: CHANGELOG.md

# REPLACE_GLOBALLY_WITH_NEXT_VERSION

> - Fixes an issue, where ACL permissions were not set correctly (shopware/SwagPayPal#556)

Reviewer: Its a bit too generic - imagine you operate your shop and configured your employee accounts with `order.editor` so they can make PayPal refunds too. As this permission is no longer enough, give a little hint how to migrate:
```suggestion
- Fixes an issue, where refunds where possible as order editor, whereas order refund editor should be prefered (shopware/SwagPayPal#556)
```

Author: Good point 👍
Added

# 10.4.3
- Fixes an issue, where causes for validation errors were not logged correctly

> - Correct refund ACL permission check in admin (shopware/SwagPayPal#556)

Reviewer 2: Since `10.4.3` is already released, you need the temp Headline `# REPLACE_GLOBALLY_WITH_NEXT_VERSION`
```suggestion
# REPLACE_GLOBALLY_WITH_NEXT_VERSION
- Fixes an issue, where ACL permissions were not set correctly (shopware/SwagPayPal#556)

# 10.4.3
- Fixes an issue, where causes for validation errors were not logged correctly
```
